My name is Anje Santa Liestra Fierro.
I studied medicine and surgery at the Central University and the Hasbro Clinic of Barcelona.
Childbirth is awe-inspiring.
For example, when a mother's efforts culminate in childbirth, that intimate bond formed between
a mother and its baby is something I will never get tired of seeing.
Even though I've witnessed it, dozens of times.
I was born into a devout Catholic family.
From the moment I started studying at the university, everything I learned was in favor of evolution.
These studies impacted me, even though I didn't have a strong foundation and evolution.
But deep inside me, I believed in evolution.
But I didn't have much of an alternative.
Perhaps my own selfishness was also to blame because I didn't have to answer to God for
my conduct.
I could do things that I had been told as a boy were forbidden.
And so the figure of God slowly began to crumble in my mind.
I read a book entitled Life.
How did it get here?
By evolution or by creation?
Well, I read through the whole book that very same day.
And I saw so much evidence that I immediately wanted to show the book to my colleagues
at the hospital.
At the time, I was still finishing my specialized training in pediatrics.
Some of them called me a heretic.
For me, that book marked the beginning of my belief in an alternative to the theory of evolution.
We all started, both you and I, every single human being as a single cell.
But this single cell did not just produce a human.
It also produced the placenta.
For a mother, it's foreign tissue, and yet it allows her to transfer all the life and
potential she has to her unborn child.
This is truly amazing.
It must have required a lot for somebody to have designed something like this.
This encourages me to believe that a creator exists.
I can only conclude that it is worth the effort to spend time getting to know the person
who designed it.